ksqlDB Session windows (#36) (#91)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/session-windows/ksql/markup/dev/set-properties_cache.adoc

> Now let's see how many clicks were made in each user session (based on IP address), and also calculate the duration of the session. To do that, we issue the following transient query to aggregate the clicks grouped by the IP address. We declare that we want to use session windowing, with a gap of five minutes or more denoting the end of the previous session. It also captures the window start and end times, and uses these to calculate the session duration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's see how many clicks were made in each user session (based on IP address), and also calculate the duration of the session. To do that, we issue the following transient query to aggregate the clicks grouped by the IP address. We declare that we want to use session windowing, with a gap of five minutes or more denoting the end of the previous session. The query also captures the window start and end times, and it uses these to calculate the session duration. 
```

> For the purposes of this example only, we are also going to configure KSQL to buffer the aggregates as it builds them. This makes the query feel like it responds more slowly, but means that you get just one row per window from which is simpler to understand the concept: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purposes of this example only, we are also going to configure ksqlDB to buffer the aggregates as it builds them. This makes the query feel like it responds more slowly, but it means that you get just one row per window. This makes it simpler to understand the concept: 
```
